
   TIME OFFSETS:

      This function accepts an ASCII UTC time, an array of time offsets and the
      number of offsets as input.  Each element in the offset array is an offset
      in seconds relative to the initial input ASCII UTC time.

      An error will be returned if the number of offsets specified is less than
      zero.  If the number of offsets specified is actually zero, the offsets
      array will be ignored.  In this case the input ASCII UTC time will be
      converted to Toolkit internal time (TAI) and this time will be used to
      process the data.  If the number of offsets specified is one (1) or
      greater, the input ASCII UTC time will converted to TAI and each element
      'i' of the input data will be processed at the time: (initial time) +
      (offset[i]).

      Examples:
         
         if numValues is 0 and asciiUTC is "1993-001T12:00:00" (TAI: 432000.0),
         then input[0] will be processed at time 432000.0 and return output[0]

	 if numValues is 1 and asciiUTC is "1993-001T12:00:00" (TAI: 432000.0),
         then input[0] will be processed at time 432000.0 + offsets[0] and
         return output[0]

         if numValues is N and asciiUTC is "1993-001T12:00:00" (TAI: 432000.0),
         then each input[i] will be processed at time 43000.0 + offsets[i] and
         the result will be output[i], where i is on the interval [0,N)

   ERROR HANDLING:

      This function processes data over an array of times (specified by an input
      ASCII UTC time and an array of time offsets relative to that time). 

      If processing at each input time is successful the return status of this
      function will be PGS_S_SUCCESS (status level of 'S').

      If processing at ALL input times was unsuccessful the status level of the
      return status of this function will be 'E'.

      If processing at some (but not all) input times was unsuccessful the
      status level (see SMF) of the return status of this function will be 'W'
      AND all high precision real number (C: PGSt_double, FORTRAN: DOUBLE
      PRECISION) output variables that correspond to the times for which
      processing was NOT successful will be set to the value:
      PGSd_GEO_ERROR_VALUE.  In this case users may (should) loop through the
      output testing any one of the aforementioned output variables against
      the value PGSd_GEO_ERROR_VALUE.  This indicates that there was an error in
      processing at the corresponding input time and no useful output data was
      produced for that time.  

      Note: a return status with a status of level of 'W' does not necessarily
      mean that some of the data could not be processed.  The 'W' level may
      indicate a general condition that the user may need to be aware of but
      that did not prohibit processing.  For example, if an Earth ellipsoid
      model is required, but the user supplied value is undefined, the WGS84
      model will be used, and processing will continue normally, except that the
      return status will be have a status level of 'W' to alert the user that
      the default earth model was used and not the one specified by the user.
      The reporting of such general warnings takes precedence over the generic
      warning (see RETURNS above) that processing was not successful at some of
      the requested times.  Therefore in the case of any return status of level
      'W', the returned value of a high precision real variable generally should
      be examined for errors at each time offset, as specified above.

